Infraex 8.7 docs adjustments v2/99 (#5481)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.7/self-managed/setup/deploy/amazon/openshift/terraform-setup-dual-region.md

- [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/download/) to interact with some Terraform variables.
- This guide uses GNU/Bash for all the shell commands listed.

> For the tool versions used, check the [.tool-versions](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-deployment-references/blob/stable/8.7/.tool-versions) file in the repository. It contains an up-to-date list of versions that we also use for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the tool versions used, check the [.tool-versions](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-deployment-references/blob/stable/8.7/.tool-versions) file in the repository. It contains an up-to-date list of versions that Camunda also uses for testing.
```

1. Configure user access to the clusters. By default, the user who creates an OpenShift cluster has administrative access. If you want to grant access to other users, follow the [Red Hat documentation for granting admin rights to users](https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/cloud_experts_tutorials/cloud-experts-getting-started/cloud-experts-getting-started-admin-rights.html) when the cluster will be created.

1. Customize the clusters setup. The module offers various input options that allow you to further customize the cluster configuration. For a comprehensive list of available options and detailed usage instructions, refer to the [ROSA module documentation](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-deployment-references/tree/stable/8.7/aws/modules/rosa-hcp/README.md).

:::caution Camunda Terraform module

This ROSA module is based on the [official Red Hat Terraform module for ROSA HCP](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-redhat/rosa-hcp/rhcs/latest). Please be aware of potential differences and choices in implementation between this module and the official one.

> Consult the [Camunda ROSA module documentation](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-deployment-references/tree/stable/8.7/aws/modules/rosa-hcp/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult the [Camunda ROSA module](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-deployment-references/tree/stable/8.7/aws/modules/rosa-hcp/README.md) documentation for more information.
```
